yo what is up guys here bring you guys a
quick discussion on Naruto regarding the
latest chapter and some other things I
thank you guys for commenting on my
latest video enemy youtubers of the past
present and future and I just worry I
think you guys are counting on that
thing you got for liking it support
support support I'm just thank you guys
now staying Josh prescribed some other
channel SPN revival chon skylar tennis
my backup channel obviously on this
channel be coming to do whatever I can
to get rid of that copyright strike and
then when I deal with that just know my
channel will go a step beyond
partnership but um uh I want to talk
about like I said let it shop they're
not likely shot by were talking about
who can defeat obito madura and then if
you guys watched my whole just crazy
predictions on speculation on manga
chapter 601 I said north or south gate
can defeat them and now this is going to
be my final site prediction if it does
happen doesn't mean I find a fight
predictions I do believe Sasuke will go
an ortho side and we'll fight madura no
veto one reason why that's the only way
Kakashi and guy can't take on suck in
Medora if five kages couldn't do it what
makes you think two guys who are joining
who maybe are at the county level but
still two guys can do it what makes you
think that no Sokka will have to come
and you know why I see some time not so
shocking will be probably even match
with obito badal one Sokka hasn't turned
my gecko China but Dora timber here's a
shrine guy Sasuke probably has perfect
seasonal you know stabilizes no but I
stayed wants us to know later on sat
still probably get rent again my dryers
running on the bill fuchi eyes perfect
match in my opinion perfect match next
obito and nervous
obito it's our things very sad but you
know it's used to its rich strong light
and yes Naruto isn't as Beecham oh can I
touch them do you wanna watch because
Naruto is not using the yellow flash
mode what I mean by yellow flash mode if
you guys remember twice this happened
once when using Cuba control mode when
he just a frickin stocked kitchen maid
when kids mandated uh what is in the
confining with ginger key arc you know
freaking a llamado and kill a bit of
saying like oh he's homes assassins for
talk is just not that level yet BG mo is
probably asked that if not faster than
the fourth Hokage man in tow us at one
point when our souls was so bad freaky
Kakashi mistaken him for his own sense a
memento not to makati the fourth Hokage
that's why I believe Nora to because Kim
me that's why I think there will be a
replay again so beat on the photocopy
obito clearly touch memento because it
was just too fast that's how the north
on a petafile turn out Naruto actually
catch him Naruto just be smart he'll
just you know do it that's why I think
I'll be an even match and I'll be a
great match final prediction there you
know final fight prediction that is
sweet I mean that's what that is if that
does happen there's gonna be one of the
best site to ever come to the Naruto
series at all um but let me tell you how
this is going to get down and I you know
my speculation for it first if you guys
remember so first if this get down we're
gonna have to go back to the sock a
thing and you know sock a meeting them
something's gonna meet them and you know
basically talking say he wants to side
his own path own you know his own story
would not side seams on the despite his
pack you need to go less evil right good
it's whatever them are going to tell
them and then was going to tell them
something that you want to hear or he
doesn't want to hear and because goes on
to put it is something he wants to hear
good there's something definitely here
is going too bad I think then I'm going
to tell him something he wants to hear
he's gonna go down good he's gonna find
ourselves not a zombie like what no
knots probably going to be on the brink
of dying if not you know barely there
huffing and puffing and if I scott seems
like you know let's do this also
something like no don't get up not so
like nostalgia and she's going to get
realize that they're not in the sense
that you know what you take Toby and
I'll say mudarra that's where she is
very real nice rest I'll kob tumors
narcs these are the only two people
table capable of fighting it's not going
toe-to-toe it's not the feeding madura
you know an OB dough these are the only
two people i believe if not we might see
a new character which I very highly
highly highly doubt already guys
thoughts final five positions north or
south gate verso beetle in my dorm
adorable can veto I mean I really want
to say it um i would have some more
predictions on how the Medora and obito
and I do think my daughter's just going
to end up using gum obito he doesn't
need obito he just wanted really open
toed you know revive him and they tryna
be like fuck you but since obito able to
do that with torrents and keeping him
alive um that might be it now I know
what you're thinking there might be
another thing that might happen if it's
not the knocks for something north on
South Gate Bridge I'll be to my dog my
dog's gone betrayal BtoB so is going to
do something he's gonna go on the north
side and there's going to be North Linn
obito forces are you know that might
happen as well but eyebrow make that
intercept video as well so today and I
will have a real talk any discussion on
coming soon so
you guys enjoy that so you asking to
enjoy that so yeah laughing you can
please